Sean Horan is the Technical Manager of Geology and Mineral Resources and Principal Geologist at SLR.  He draws on his operational background of diamond mining in Angola and underground gold mining in Ontario, Canada, as well as the multitude of exploration projects and mining operations he has visited as a consultant to provide technical advice to his clients. 

Mr. Horan conducts and oversees due diligence reviews, mineral resource and reserve estimates and audits, exploration target evaluation, database and data administration, training, and resource estimation.  He is skilled in applying and reviewing advanced linear and non-linear modelling techniques to complex deposits and for many different commodity types and mineralization styles, including various styles of copper and gold, iron ore, VMS, nickel laterite, silver, lead, zinc, rare earths and alluvial diamonds.

Within the geology group at SLR, he provides both technical leadership and mentorship to a strong team of resource geologists.  He is an expert user of Datamine Studio 3 and Seequent’s Leapfrog Geo and Edge software.  He has collaborated with Seequent during the Leapfrog Edge Beta testing phase and has provided training on their behalf.  He has developed custom geostatistical utilities in Visual Basic and Python, including a python package for interfacing Datamine and the python programming language.  His geostatistical work experience includes Monte Carlo simulation for capping analysis; drill hole spacing studies using Sequential Gaussian Simulation and confidence intervals; support effect analysis; non-linear transforms and estimation.  Where warranted, Mr. Horan can apply advanced modelling techniques including multiple indicator kriging and dynamic anisotropy.  

Sean has delivered several mineral resource estimation training courses internationally in both English and Spanish.  He holds undergraduate and honours degrees in Geology from Rhodes University in South Africa, and a post-graduate certificate in geostatistics from the University of Alberta and is registered as a practising member with the Association of Professional Geoscientists of Ontario.  He is fluent in English and Spanish.

